mass of space note number 82 dash 1 sixty seconds coming in three two one.
This is a mass of space note on the National Aronades and Space Administration.
One of the areas that we stand has been if it must from Spaceflight is the
ability to make scientific observations of the Earth from space. On the next
spatial emission schedule for October, the operator will become an Earth
Observatory and the astronauts will be gathering geologic, geographic, and
oceanographic information about our planet. One of the most interesting
experiments on board is the shuttle imaging radar. First flown on the second
spatial emission, the radar penetrated the aerids-sans of the Sahara to find 60
,000 year old river channels. On this mission, schedule for October, astronaut
Cathy Sullivan will become the first woman to conduct a spacewalk. Together with
Commander Dave Leestma, she'll be demonstrating the capability of refueling
satellites in space. This has been a NASA Space Note Now, you pay
your attention. Pass the space node number 82-2-60 seconds coming in three, two,
one.
This is a NASA Space Note from the National Arminatics and Spacer gathering. In
an intricate set of maneuvers in space, three satellites from three different
nations will create artificial clouds in an imitation comet to study the
interaction between the solar wind and the Earth's magnetic field. The solar
wind is made up of hot, electrically charged particles that constantly rush
outward from the sun's surface. Scientists want to know where these particles
enter the magnetic field and how they are circulated and elevated to tremendous
energies and whether they are the source of the Van Allen radiation belts. The
three satellites called active magnetospheric particle traceer explorers or
empty one from Germany, one from England, and another from NASA. We'll work
together gathering measurements in an international team of scientists hope will
provide a flow of valuable new information. This has been a NASA Space Note!
Notifications as
the case
that
being introduced is still not an end to crackdown change. do their jobs, yet
they performed with efficiency. NASA now applies the same approach to scientific
investigations with the Spartan program, which follows the same fundamental
philosophy as the sounding rocket program. The satellites are simple and cost
effective. Each Spartan is an autonomous satellite deployed from and retrieved
by the space shuttle. Three Spartan missions are currently under development.
Spartan 1 will study clusters of galaxies in meeting energy in the form of x
-rays, Spartan 2 solar physics phenomena and Spartan 3 ultraviolet astronomy.
Spartan a simple reusable and low-cost tool for investigating a range of
scientific problems from atmospheric dynamics to pick up flexing mysteries of
the cosmos. This has been a NASA Space Note.
NASA Space Note, number 82-4, 60 seconds coming in 3, 2, 1.
This is a NASA Space Note from the National Eranotic Sense Space Administration.
Gamma rays are the most energetic form of radiation known. they offer insight
into the violent aspects of the space medium and how these processes influence
such puzzling objects as pulsars, quasars, black holes and the ultra-bright
stars called supernovae. To investigate this area of cosmic radiation NASA is
developing jointly with Germany, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom, a
spacecraft called the Gamma-ray Observatory to be launched in 1988. The
observatory which is managed by NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center It will give
scientists an opportunity to study a broad range of cosmic phenomena, such as
the origins of extremely high-energy bursts. The nuclear process is occurring
near neutron stars, and black holes, and the nature of recently discovered gamma
-ray sources in our own Milky Way galaxy. This has been a NASA Space Note.
NASA Space Note No. 82-5-60 seconds coming in three two one.
This is a NASA Space Note from the National Eronautics and Space Administration.
Approximately every 76 years, the world's most famous comet sweeps past the
earth, becoming the focus of attention for amateur and professional astronomers.
When comet Halley returns again in the winter of 85 and 86, it will be
intensively studied from the ground, air and space. NASA's International Halley
Watch was established to coordinate activities of ground-based astronomers
around the world, and to compile the Halley archives, which will be the largest
collection of information ever assembled on a comment. Other observations will
include a space shuttle based astro observatory consisting of specially designed
ultraviolet telescopes and wide-feeled cameras and an unmanned satellite
deployed by the shuttle called Spartan. Existing NASA satellites, including
solar max, will also be reoriented to take a look at Halle. This has been a NASA
space notebook.
NASA Space Note 82-6-60 seconds coming in 3 2 1.
This is a NASA space note. From a National Arononic-Sense-Space Administration.
For many years astronomers learned about the universe by looking at it in the
narrow part of the electromagnetic spectrum called visible light. Later, they
discover that Star is sent out kinds of energy that we cannot see, such as
Infert and Ultraviolet radiation, radio waves, x-rays and gamma rays. Each part
of the spectrum offers a different set of clues to the origin and evolution of
the Universe. A certain wavelength range, which has never had an astronomical
survey, is called the Extreme Ultraviolet region. Objects in this range are
generally stars and highly advanced stages of the revolution. NASA's Extreme
Motrovolut Explorer scheduled to be launched in 1987 when they can all sky
survey of the Extreme Ultraviolet Range. Observation of a large number of mature
stars is expected to provide better understanding of star evolution. This will
be NASA's Space Note.
NASA Space Note No.82-760 seconds coming in three two one.
This is a NASA Space Note from a national aeronautic sense space administration.
In a dramatic rescue mission in November, the Spain shuttle discovery will try
to recover at least one of the two communication satellites last in space last
February. A satellites were placed in useless orbits, 644 miles high when their
onboard rocket engines misfired. The satellites were supposed to reach
geosynchronous orbit, 2235 miles above Earth, in orbits which would allow them
to fly continuously over the same spot. In the rescue mission, commands would be
sent to the satellites to drop to a 200-mile high orbit. Their spin would be
slowed from 40 revolutions to 1 minute. An astronaut wearing a jet-powered
backpack would then rendezvous with the satellite and positioned it, so it could
be pulled by the shuttle's robot arm into the cargo bay where it would be
returned back to earth. This has been a NASA Space Note.
NASA Space Note 898-60 seconds coming in three two one.
This is a NASA Space Note from the national, Eronautics and Space
Administration.
For 25 years the American Space program has been a stimulus for young people to
set their goals high into strife or excellence. Although in the past,
participation of the public and the exciting moonwalks and space shuttle
missions has been through real-time television coverage, NASA's Space Flight
Participation program will now allow ordinary citizens to actually fly on the
space shuttle. President Reagan recently announced that an elementary or
secondary school teacher will be chosen as the first citizen to fly in the space
aboard the shuttle. The decision was made because the teacher's ability to
effectively communicate their dialogs to large groups of students would allow
them to inspire young people to become interested in space, science and
mathematics. The person chosen to go will be required to spend a year after the
flight, talking about his or her experiences to the nation's school children.
This has been a NASA Space Note.
NASA Space Note No. 82-9 60 seconds, coming in 3. 2. 1 This is a NASA Space
Note, from a National Armonautics and Space Administration. In 1978, NASA
launched C-Sat, an imaging satellite designed to collect data on change
conditions in the world's oceans. See set-up eraded only three months, but
produced volumes of data and confirmed that satellites can provide valuable
information that is useful in practical applications, as well as in scientific
studies. NASA is now planning a highly advanced successor to see set. A
satellite would provide a vastly improved capability for observing the oceans on
a global basis. The Ocean topography experiment, or Topex, will make radar
measurements over the entire Ocean Basins for several years, providing
information that will offer practical benefits in such areas as weather
prediction, coastal storm warning, maritime safety, waste disposal, ship design,
ship routing, and food production from Ocean sources. This has been a NASA Space
Note.
NASA Space Note 82-10 60 seconds coming in three, two, one.
This is a NASA Space Note from the National Eronautic Sensation Administration.
And exciting discovery was recently made at NASA's EIMS research center in
California. The simplest version ever seen in one of life's basic enzymes was
found in assault-loving bacterium. Until now, only one form of this energy
-producing enzyme was known to exist in all living systems. Researchers believe
that the newly discovered enzyme may be left over from early evolution, and hope
it will provide a model for how early cells function. The discovery was made by
NASA researcher Lary Hawksstein. According to Hawksstein, the enzyme must have
had an early origin and evolution, since it performs any central function and is
found in all living creatures. The fact that only a very complex form of this
enzyme exists in present living systems, let the emce group to search for
evidence of a simpler earlier version. This has been a NASA Space Note.